>> On a new series.
>> Where did humans come from?
Where did we come from?
What is this great story that
we're actually all a part of?
>> This week on Gaia.
On season two of
Journey of Remembering.
>> The aspect of creation
in the cosmos is feminine.
So it means that unity has
been divided into many in order
to create.
>> On Dragonfly
enLightening Talks.
>> How can infrared help you?
It can help you light
your path to wellness.
>> On Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>> When you're in the
presence of those spirits,
the love and the elation
that comes over there,
there are no human words that
can describe it or a feeling
that can touch it.
>> On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith.
>> Our bodies and our energy
systems react to our minds
and our emotions.
So find those thoughts
that feel good.
>> Only on Gaia.